# Self-Evaluation

- This final CFU encompassed everything you've learned in Mod 0, and maybe even required some learning outside of what you've explicitly been taught. How did it feel as you faced these challenges? *It was a bit of a roller coaster for me, feeling successes, challenges, and perceived failures (I know they are important learning!) at times. The classroom teacher in me was well aware of the rigor here - one crack at a new skill, and then an expectation of some synthesis in applying that to the next, scaffolded task. It felt discouraging and then encouraging, and so on and so forth, to bounce back and forth between direct instruction and support, and then independent grappling with unfamiliar skills and syntax. I am left surprised at the intensity of Mod0. I'm grateful for it moving forward, but it's certainly not what I expected coming out of the admissions process. I'd almost say the rigor was undersold for Mod0 and a bit more emphasis on challenge could be helpful for future incoming students.* 
- How is your workflow going, in terms of taking breaks, staying focused, etc.? *It's going decently, but as mentioned above, I still had a presence of family/life commitments on my calendar for Mod0 that I do not for Mod1 and beyond. I know it's going to be a butt-kicker on August 21 and beyond, and have made all the calendar and mental space I can to tackle it right. Sticking to my morning routines of meditation and getting outside, with interspersed breaks will be very supportive.*
- What did you learn from this exercise that you want to remember as you begin Mod 1? *I learned that my understanding of syntax and order of code is something that needs more practice. I understand the concept and use of what we have learned about. But, I need to continue running and rerunning this and the other assignments. For me, learning comes from watching a strong model while having the time to ask questions. Then, practiced repetition of that skill with people learning the same thing is supportive of developing ownership and autonomy of skills/reasoning. I did not feel there was enough time for that process with what these live sessions were planned to cover (through the curriculum map). I need to spend more time pre-reading and preparing independently for content and skills instead of leaning on direct instruction and implementation time with colleagues during live blocks.* 